I don't know since when I begun to live for meeting so many people's expectations.
 
After graduation, I was 27 years old. My parents, relatives and even neighbours, suggest I get married as quicky as possible. It's really difficult to find the Mr. Right.  My parents have been expecting a rich man who possesses an apartment to get married with me. And in a moment,  I nealy surrender when they introduced me a hallow man whose parents are rich. Finnally, I abandoned the ridiculous idea because I know I'm looking for a man who is diligent, honest and reliable.
 
At that time, one man entered my sight and he told me I could be happier with him. I don't know why I chose to believe him very soon. By the way,  he is ten years older than me. But he has promised me to stay in Beijing in the future. So we started a relationship even though my parents are quite angry about this. My parents and some of my relatives have warned me about his age, backgound and many more things. But I didn't give up, even if I have realized some of his ideas confront him and even me a lot of challeges and risks.
 
We did have a good time together, talking about the movies that we watched, discussing the books and famous figures in the history, taking a walk in some parks, and cooking together to enjoy the weekend. Good time does not last long. He changed a lot after that. We used to work in the same company and he is my superior. He required me to work harder and create a brighter future for us together. At that time I was a newbie and not professional at all. You can imagine that I often failed to finish my work during the working hours. So I had to work at home to make up, and he was with me just watching me spending my weekends on the work. Actually, he set up a higher standard for each of my colleagues. Each time I talked with him about my trouble at work, he turned me down with many more excuses. As a matter of fact, he thinks everything he has done to me is quite rational.
 
At the same time, he kept telling me what I should do to be a good wife, which covers things like cooking meals, cleanning the room and doing his laundry. I resisted at fiirst because I don't think this is the duty of professional females. But he insisted that if I want to live a better life, I have to undtake all of this to give him more time to make money. Finnally, I surrender to him and take it my responsibility to look after him.
 
What I have done is far from satisfying him. I have to admit that I'm not that diligent as he is. I like to watch TV or playing games at weekeds. He stopped me from doing so for many many times. Sometimes, he is angry with me about this. He has suggestd me to read books. Once in a while, I read some works of San Mao, the famous writer of Taiwan. But he does not like it either. I'm always confused about his trying to control me. I did have tell him I have right to make my own choice.
 
After I changed my work, he suggested me to take some time to upate a website operated by him. And his reason is that I'd better play my role for living a better life with him. I really dislike the updating work. It's quite boring and baad for my eyes. Literally speaking, I hate this work very much. And the point is, he knows everything about this. But he still tried to press me on this matter. I was quite determined and turned him down. He told all this to his younger sister. One day, his sister asked me, "why don't you help  do something for my brother's website?" I can't describe how angry I was at that moment when I heard these words. I have my own work, I make money to support myself, and I don't see why they think it's reasonable for them to arrange my spare time.
 
I admit that my boy friend works very hard. And I have tried my best not to bother him with my own issues. He chose to quit his job and work at home for himself. I didn't prevent him from doing this. I can say, I have done everything to respect him.
 
But recently, he frequently mentioned that he plans to leave Beijing and return to his hometown. I won't agree to leave with him, because he has promised to stay in Beijing. Or else, I couldn't agree to start a relationship with him. And I hate the man who does not keep his own words. His hometown is too far away from mine. I have never thought to live there. You may have a question in your mind, why I didn't break up with him if I think he is urging me on all things above. Because I believe that he did them out of love. He just failed to realize that I don't like to be pressed. So I chose to forgive his deed for love.
 
Recently, he seems quite determined about the leaving thing. What can I do? I have accomodate myself to him in so may issues. This time he has touched my bottom line. I'm just sad for what I have done for him in the past two years.
 
I used to admire him. I used to appreciate his rich knowledge. I used to cherish his hard working. However, if he broke up with me for leaving Beijing, I will only remember, he lied to me about so many things.
 
