 I haven’t received formal education of English writing. Only in high school, my English teacher spoke a little writing, after he finished a lesson. At that time, we spent more time in reading comprehension. We had not even done translation exercise behind text, because according to his opinion, it had nothing to do with the exam. Although writing capability must be examined in a test, he thought writing couldn’t bring achievement efficiently owing to defects in spelling and neatness. As this option, I only did a little writing exercise before college entrance examination. It was reasonable that I had gotten a decent remake attribute to my reading capability. But I assumed that I could have been outstanding if I had done more writing exercise. After all, I should thank my English teacher. It was he that taught me so much grammar knowledge and clauses structure, which help me with reading comprehension. 

   When I entered college, I found there to learn English became a fashion. Each one attended all kinds of test. Furthermore, in these tests, listening comprehension occupied a large field. I felt compared to writing my listening is poorer. So in spare time, I began to perform listening. However, I had not made more progress in it. When I attended test, I always couldn’t understand the meaning of the record. I was very disappointed. When I graduated, I thought I couldn’t listen and write.

   When I became a math teacher in a high school, I still kept leaning English. My dream wants to be a scientist; I want to attend graduate student entrance examination. It is well known that the level of English is very important in it. So I must learn English in every aspect. Whether listening, speaking, reading or writing must be conducted from now on. I planned to do a reading comprehension, listen to record for not less than twenty minutes and read the article for three times every day. In meanwhile, I keep writing an article in a week. After several weeks, I find that I am walking in the correct way. Regardless of the fact that I haven’t still understand the complete meaning from record, my writing is yet poor whether in vocabulary or in clauses, I begin to realize my progress.

   I thank all those who can read this article. In mean time, I expect your encouragements and instructions from you.  
